Hey gang!  
From my past 3 years as a no-code freelancer, one of the biggest frustration I witnessed from the founders/clients, etc was about scaling. This is a stage most of us realize that no-code is fundamentally limiting. There are lots of issues that when you plan to scale your business build upon a no-code stack. One of which is pricing, the other is the whole limit of the no-code platform, for example, CMS item limit in Webflow will cause you sleepless nights trying to update something and it may take a couple of minutes or even more to move a mouse around.

Here is a couple of tips that worked out well for me from my experience.

### Optimize Integration
The heart of your no-code product lives in the Integration platform. That's where a major portion of the money is spent. Instead of using Zapier, try a more generous but highly performant platform like Pipedream. They offer 1,00,000 free triggers per month so that you don't have to spend big money before even your product goes live. This was a huge relief for me and my clients. As a developer, I can make a wide variety of tests and optimization without any fear. Plus their community support at Slack is super awesome and very active and committed to solving your issues. I will plan to make a detailed writeup about Pipedream on another post.

### Platform Migration.
As I mentioned earlier, if your site is data-heavy with many different functionalities, you would probably feel very uncomfortable making any changes as the editor interface becomes very laggy, unstable and irresponsive when it starts to scale. No-Code tools like Webflow don't have a technical solution for this yet even if you are going to purchase their Enterprise plan. You should have taken a better decision to chose a platform where scaling is not an issue but since you have arrived at this stage anyway, what should you do? Well, the best bet is to rebuild your website in a low-code platform like NextJS which is highly performant and uses cutting-edge technologies natively baked in but that setup would require a developer dependency which is one of the major reasons why we turned to a no-code stack. <introduce tayfa here>
